(Docs) Some more 3.0 changes (#2605)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/configuring_bolt.md

Use this level to set configuration that should apply to all projects for a
particular user. Options that you might set at the user-level include paths to
private keys, credentials for a plugin, or default inventory configuration that
is common to all of your projects. You can set most configurable options in Bolt
at the user level.

To set configuration at the user level, use a `bolt-defaults.yaml` file. This

> file does not allow you to set project-specific configuration, such as the path
> to an inventory file, and is less likely to lead to errors where Bolt loads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file does not allow you to set project-specific configuration, such as the modulepath,
and is less likely to lead to errors where Bolt loads
```

3.0 gets rid of the `inventoryfile` config option

Author: Ah right, I thought I'd removed this already

setting credentials for connecting to PuppetDB. You can set most configurable
Bolt options at the system level.

To set configuration at the user level, use a `bolt-defaults.yaml` file. This

> file does not allow you to set project-specific configuration, such as the path
> to an inventory file, and is less likely to lead to errors where content from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file does not allow you to set project-specific configuration, such as the modulepath,
and is less likely to lead to errors where content from
```
